README.md, before:

# Bixal.com - Drupal site

## Remote Environments

> [!NOTE]
> We have environments for: dev, stage, and prod. They are manually created and require access to Platform.sh.

The remote environments are hosted in platform.sh. See the `./.platform` directory and `.platform.app.yaml` file for the configuration.

### Website

- **[Production](https://www.bixal.com/)**
- **[Staging](https://bixaldev:xAYwUBE2IB0yupf@stage-y77w3ti-tsvj5tw7p3f66.us.platformsh.site/)**
- **[Development](https://bixaldev:xAYwUBE2IB0yupf@develop-sr3snxi-tsvj5tw7p3f66.us.platformsh.site/)**

### Storybook

For UI component previews:

- Production: N/A
- **[Staging](https://bixaldev:xAYwUBE2IB0yupf@stage-y77w3ti-tsvj5tw7p3f66.us.platformsh.site/sb)**
- **[Development](https://bixaldev:xAYwUBE2IB0yupf@develop-sr3snxi-tsvj5tw7p3f66.us.platformsh.site/sb)**

> [!CAUTION]
> **HIT REFRESH AFTER CLICKING.** Story book will not load because the basic auth credentials are in the URL.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- php@8.3
- lando
- node LTS

### Working with Local Environment

The local environment is based on [Drupal Env](https://github.com/mattsqd/drupal-env/wiki) and the [Drupal Env Lando](https://github.com/mattsqd/drupal-env-lando/wiki) packages.

#### First Time Setup

```
./robo.sh lando:init
```

#### Starting/Stopping the Environment


**Starting**

For future sessions, you can start lando:

```
lando start
```

**Stopping**

Run the following command to stop the environment:
```
lando stop
```


You'll be able to visit the local site at: https://bixalcom.lndo.site.

#### Rebuilding / Reinstalling Dependencies

Change something in the `.lando.yml` config and/or you want to re-install front and back end dependencies?


**Rebuild environment and reinstall front and backend dependencies:**

```
lando rebuild -y
```

**Re-install front and back end dependencies ONLY** (faster):

```
lando build
```

## Testing Guidelines

### Accessibility Testing

Accessibility is a core requirement to our work. Our baseline is:

- [`WCAG 2.1 AA`](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG21/)
- [`Section 508`](https://www.section508.gov/manage/laws-and-policies/)

Additionally we follow Deque's [Best Practice rules](https://dequeuniversity.com/rules/axe/4.4/#best-practices-rules). These rules are defined in our Storybook's `preview.js`.

You should still test manually to ensure a fully accessible experience. See Bixal's [A11Y Checklist](https://library.bixal.com/books/frontend-practice/page/frontend-accessibility-checklist) for full testing instructions.

## Git Workflow

### Branch Naming Convention

Use the following naming for your git branches:

```sh
feature/BSD-[ISSUE_NO]-[LOWER_CASE_DESCRIPTION]
```

**Example**

```sh
feature/BSD-64-robo-validate
```

### Commit style

```sh
BSD fixes #64: Fixed coding standards issues.
```

The following keywords are also acceptable:

- `close`, `closes`, `closed`
- `fix`, `fixes`, `fixed`
- `resolve`, `resolves`, `resolved`

**Example**

```
BSD closes #64: Fixed coding standards issues.
```

More guidance on git branching and commit style in [robo.yml](https://github.com/Bixal/bixal-site-drupal/blob/develop/robo.yml) config.


## Development Commands

### Installing Drupal with Sample Content

```
lando si
```

This installs all the sample content defined in `web/modules/custom/bixal_default_content`.

To export new content from your local, create it locally and run:

```
lando export-content
```

### Running Drush Commands

```
./drush.sh <your_command>
```

**Example**

```
# Clear cache
./drush.sh cr
```

### Running Composer Commands

By default, Lando runs Composer commands within its Docker containers. This often times out, so we recommend using your local Composer instead.


```
./composer.sh
```

**Local Composer Setup**

1. Install [homebrew](https://brew.sh/):
    ```
    /bin/bash -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/HEAD/install.sh)"
    ```
2. Install composer:
    ```
    brew install composer
    ```

    > [!NOTE]
    > Make sure the installed PHP matches the project version.
3. Set the local to use your composer:
    ```
    echo 'BIN_PATH_COMPOSER="composer"' >> .env
    ```


#### Composer.log Management

The `composer.log` is modified every time you do something that changes the `composer.lock` file.

**Always** use `lando composer` or `./composer.sh` to run composer commands to make sure an entry is made in `composer.log`.

Avoid duplicate entries of the same command in `composer.log`. If you apply to patches, just leave the last `composer update --patch`

#### Run Validation Checks

Run all the validation commands that the pipelines run without needing to push remotely:

```
vendor/bin/robo validate:all
```

#### Copy storybook to Drupal theme

```
lando build_node
```

#### Configure Xdebug

https://github.com/mattsqd/drupal-env-lando/wiki/XDebug-(Personal)


## Storybook

[Storybook](https://storybook.js.org/) gives us a preview of UI components.

### Run locally

```
npm run storybook:local
```

Alternatively:

```bash
# Run in terminal.
./sb.sh
```

This should automatically open it in your browser.

### Copy Storybook to Drupal Theme

```
lando build_node
```

Commit message:

BSD fixes #470: Use sharepoint doc for remote links.

README.md, after:

# Bixal.com - Drupal site

## Remote Environments

> [!NOTE]
> We have environments for: dev, stage, and prod. They are manually created and require access to Platform.sh.

The remote environments are hosted in platform.sh. See the `./.platform` directory and `.platform.app.yaml` file for the configuration.

**Website & Storybook**

Links to environments can be found in [SharePoint 🔒](https://bixal365-my.sharepoint.com/:x:/g/personal/matt_poole_bixal_com/EZSBrtLS97FEmvngEIZejM8B2lXO7RtiJRoE7m3-mUbRlw?e=nQkA85).

> [!CAUTION]
> **HIT REFRESH AFTER CLICKING.** Story book will not load because the basic auth credentials are in the URL.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- php@8.3
- lando
- node LTS

### Working with Local Environment

The local environment is based on [Drupal Env](https://github.com/mattsqd/drupal-env/wiki) and the [Drupal Env Lando](https://github.com/mattsqd/drupal-env-lando/wiki) packages.

#### First Time Setup

```
./robo.sh lando:init
```

#### Starting/Stopping the Environment


**Starting**

For future sessions, you can start lando:

```
lando start
```

**Stopping**

Run the following command to stop the environment:
```
lando stop
```


You'll be able to visit the local site at: https://bixalcom.lndo.site.

#### Rebuilding / Reinstalling Dependencies

Change something in the `.lando.yml` config and/or you want to re-install front and back end dependencies?


**Rebuild environment and reinstall front and backend dependencies:**

```
lando rebuild -y
```

**Re-install front and back end dependencies ONLY** (faster):

```
lando build
```

## Testing Guidelines

### Accessibility Testing

Accessibility is a core requirement to our work. Our baseline is:

- [`WCAG 2.1 AA`](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG21/)
- [`Section 508`](https://www.section508.gov/manage/laws-and-policies/)

Additionally we follow Deque's [Best Practice rules](https://dequeuniversity.com/rules/axe/4.4/#best-practices-rules). These rules are defined in our Storybook's `preview.js`.

You should still test manually to ensure a fully accessible experience. See Bixal's [A11Y Checklist](https://library.bixal.com/books/frontend-practice/page/frontend-accessibility-checklist) for full testing instructions.

## Git Workflow

### Branch Naming Convention

Use the following naming for your git branches:

```sh
feature/BSD-[ISSUE_NO]-[LOWER_CASE_DESCRIPTION]
```

**Example**

```sh
feature/BSD-64-robo-validate
```

### Commit style

```sh
BSD fixes #64: Fixed coding standards issues.
```

The following keywords are also acceptable:

- `close`, `closes`, `closed`
- `fix`, `fixes`, `fixed`
- `resolve`, `resolves`, `resolved`

**Example**

```
BSD closes #64: Fixed coding standards issues.
```

More guidance on git branching and commit style in [robo.yml](https://github.com/Bixal/bixal-site-drupal/blob/develop/robo.yml) config.


## Development Commands

### Installing Drupal with Sample Content

```
lando si
```

This installs all the sample content defined in `web/modules/custom/bixal_default_content`.

To export new content from your local, create it locally and run:

```
lando export-content
```

### Running Drush Commands

```
./drush.sh <your_command>
```

**Example**

```
# Clear cache
./drush.sh cr
```

### Running Composer Commands

By default, Lando runs Composer commands within its Docker containers. This often times out, so we recommend using your local Composer instead.


```
./composer.sh
```

**Local Composer Setup**

1. Install [homebrew](https://brew.sh/):
    ```
    /bin/bash -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/HEAD/install.sh)"
    ```
2. Install composer:
    ```
    brew install composer
    ```

    > [!NOTE]
    > Make sure the installed PHP matches the project version.
3. Set the local to use your composer:
    ```
    echo 'BIN_PATH_COMPOSER="composer"' >> .env
    ```


#### Composer.log Management

The `composer.log` is modified every time you do something that changes the `composer.lock` file.

**Always** use `lando composer` or `./composer.sh` to run composer commands to make sure an entry is made in `composer.log`.

Avoid duplicate entries of the same command in `composer.log`. If you apply to patches, just leave the last `composer update --patch`

#### Run Validation Checks

Run all the validation commands that the pipelines run without needing to push remotely:

```
vendor/bin/robo validate:all
```

#### Copy storybook to Drupal theme

```
lando build_node
```

#### Configure Xdebug

https://github.com/mattsqd/drupal-env-lando/wiki/XDebug-(Personal)


## Storybook

[Storybook](https://storybook.js.org/) gives us a preview of UI components.

### Run locally

```
npm run storybook:local
```

Alternatively:

```bash
# Run in terminal.
./sb.sh
```

This should automatically open it in your browser.

### Copy Storybook to Drupal Theme

```
lando build_node
```
